TODO.rst, before:

===========================
Radio Helsinki Website TODO
===========================


ADDONS OVERVIEW
===============
* Products.LinguaPlone
OK * plone.app.discussion
* zettwerk.fullcalendar
* collective.flowplayer
OK * alm.solrindex
* ...

XYZ
===
* archetypes vs. dexterity
  - dexterity & multilinguality?
  - dexterity & folderishtypes?
* yafowil integration?

FUNKTIONALITÄTEN
================
* bannerverwaltung
* social bookmarks
* rss feed integration von CBA und freie-radios.net

theming
-------
* deliverance / xdv integration
* rules file
* theme file

now playing
-----------
* kommunikationsprotokoll
* js/zope3 view client
* server

* unmoderiertes musikprogramm: songtitel <- rivendell
* live/vorproduziert: sendungsname <- rivendell/programmverwaltung

kommentarfunktion
-----------------
* plone.app.discussion integration
or
* collective.disqus integration

kalender ansichten
------------------
* zettwerk.fullcalendar
* integration der programmverwaltungsinhalte in plone?

multilingualität
----------------
* Products.LinugaPlone integation

audio/video integration
-----------------------
* collective.flowplayer

solr suche
----------
OK * solr integration
* integration mit programmverwaltung

tagcloud
--------
* tagcloud itself
* integration mit solr

Commit message:

archetypes vs dexterity: archetypes wins

TODO.rst, after:

===========================
Radio Helsinki Website TODO
===========================


ADDONS OVERVIEW
===============
* Products.LinguaPlone
OK * plone.app.discussion
* zettwerk.fullcalendar
* collective.flowplayer
OK * alm.solrindex
* ...

XYZ
===
* archetypes vs. dexterity
  - dexterity & multilinguality?
        -> not supported yet (plone.multilinguality is in progress)
  - dexterity & folderishtypes?
  -> using archetypes for now.
* yafowil integration?

FUNKTIONALITÄTEN
================
* bannerverwaltung
* social bookmarks
* rss feed integration von CBA und freie-radios.net

theming
-------
* deliverance / xdv integration
* rules file
* theme file

now playing
-----------
* kommunikationsprotokoll
* js/zope3 view client
* server

* unmoderiertes musikprogramm: songtitel <- rivendell
* live/vorproduziert: sendungsname <- rivendell/programmverwaltung

kommentarfunktion
-----------------
* plone.app.discussion integration
or
* collective.disqus integration

kalender ansichten
------------------
* zettwerk.fullcalendar
* integration der programmverwaltungsinhalte in plone?

multilingualität
----------------
* Products.LinugaPlone integation

audio/video integration
-----------------------
* collective.flowplayer

solr suche
----------
OK * solr integration
* integration mit programmverwaltung

tagcloud
--------
* tagcloud itself
* integration mit solr
